README.md, before:

# 01-maze-audiocode-dejan01

### Project description: 
This proejcts is about finding peanuts, collecting them and putting them into a bucket. There are three peanuts in the game. In the end you have ti find the heaviest sack by putting it on the scale. Cut through the sack with a knife which is located next to the scale. All Peanuts have a up and down animation and have an animal sound.

### Development platform: 
OS: Windows 10, Game Engine: Unity 2019.1.14f1, Visual Studio 2019, Steam,  
SteamVR 2.5.0 (https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steamvr_unity_plugin/releases/tag/2.5.0)

Note on Unity Version 2019.1.14f1 and SteamVR: The SteamVr plugin has many issues when used with Unity Versions > 2019.1.3 because the XR Management System changed from 2019.1.3 to 2019.1.4. Valve is working on it, so we will use these older versions for the VR programming.  
Download steamvr_2_5_08_19.unitypackage, import the package: Assets --> Import Package --> Custome Package

## Software/Hardware Requirements: 
Unity hardware requirements https://docs.unity3d.com/2019.1/Documentation/Manual/system-requirements.html 
Oculus hardware requirements https://support.oculus.com/248749509016567/
Steam has to be installed
SteamVR has to be installed
You need a VR headset in this case an Oculus Rift

First open Oculus software, second open SteamVR (or start game from unity), otherwise some strange errors will happen. 


### Target platform: 
Oculus Rift/S, Vive; 
Tested on Oculus Rift S

### Visuals: 
Screenshots (concept and experience), Video

### Third party material: 
(if used Fonts, Sounds, Music, Graphics, Materials, Code etc.)

### Project state: 
2%/100% finished
<progress max="100" value="2"></progress>

### Limitations: 

### Lessons Learned: 

Copyright by smeerws :)

Commit message:

deleted unused audio files, added OnTriggerEnter Play Audio

README.md, after:

# 01-maze-audiocode-dejan01

### Project description: 
This proejcts is about to find a sack that weighs 10kg in order to leave the maze. A scale was placed next to the exit door, where the player can check the weight of the sack. If the 10kg Sack was placed, the exit door will open. 

### Development platform: 
MacOs: Big Sur 11.2.3, Game Engine: Unity 2019.1.14f1, Visual Studio Code 1.57.1, Steam,  
SteamVR 2.5.0 (https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steamvr_unity_plugin/releases/tag/2.5.0)

Note on Unity Version 2019.1.14f1 and SteamVR: The SteamVr plugin has many issues when used with Unity Versions > 2019.1.3 because the XR Management System changed from 2019.1.3 to 2019.1.4. Valve is working on it, so we will use these older versions for the VR programming.  
Download steamvr_2_5_08_19.unitypackage, import the package: Assets --> Import Package --> Custome Package

## Software/Hardware Requirements: 
Unity hardware requirements https://docs.unity3d.com/2019.1/Documentation/Manual/system-requirements.html 
Oculus hardware requirements https://support.oculus.com/248749509016567/
Steam has to be installed
SteamVR has to be installed
You need a VR headset in this case an Oculus Rift

First open Oculus software, second open SteamVR (or start game from unity), otherwise some strange errors will happen. 


### Target platform: 
Oculus Rift/S, Vive; 
Tested on Oculus Rift S

### Visuals: 
Screenshots (concept and experience), Video

### Third party material: 
Sounds by BBC Library: https://sound-effects.bbcrewind.co.uk/
Trees, Bushes and Leaves from the Unity Assets Store
Nuts: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/peanut-d6a36d7a63344fc29ce332bb8b1462e0
Sacks: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/sack-v2-74f60f70effb486faf645519b3dae1a9 

### Project state: 
90%/100% finished
<progress max="100" value="2"></progress>

### Limitations: 

### Lessons Learned: 
- Learned how to Animate in Unity using the animator
- Learned 3D Audio Settings 
- First time working with branches


Copyright by smeerws :)
